Document how to use Workload Identity Federation (#426)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/consume/caching-workload-identity-federation.md

Data Storage/Containers, and choose the container you wish to use. This should open the Azure Portal
to the properties for that specific container. On the left select "Access Control (IAM)", and choose
"Add -> Add Role Assignment". Select "Azure Blob Data Reader" for read only access, or
"Azure Blob Data Contributor" for read/write access, and press Next. Then, select the
"Managed Identity" radio button, and click + Select Members. Select the managed identity you created
in step 1. Then select 'Review and Assign' twice.

Then, return to the page for the storage account container, and again on the left select
"Access Control (IAM)", and choose "Add -> Add Role Assignment". Select "Storage Blob Delegator" and
press Next. Then, select the "Managed Identity" radio button, and click + Select Members. Select the
managed identity you create in step 1. Then select 'Review and Assign' twice.

## 4 - Generate a SAS token, and use it with Caching

::: zone pivot="shell-cmd"
>[!NOTE]
> These instructions are impractical with 'CMD', please choose 'PowerShell' or 'Bash' at the top
> of the page.
::: zone-end
::: zone pivot="shell-powershell, shell-bash"

> In the yml where you wish to invoke vcpkg in Azure DevOps, use the AzureCLI@2 task to mint a SAS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the YAML file that defines your ADO pipeline invoking vcpkg, use the AzureCLI@2 task to mint a SAS
```

Author: I'm happy with `yml` -> `YAML file`, but I have 2 problems with the rest of this change.

1. I don't want to say 'ADO'; I don't think it's good to abbreviate our own trademarks in documentation, and to me this still causes confusion because there are many things named 'ADO', such as the database access layer ADO "ActiveX Data Objects".
2. This new phrasing saying the pipeline invoking vcpkg implies that there is already a pipeline doing that, but I'm assuming they don't already have a pipeline doing that.

Would you be happy if I only applied the YAML File part?

      # Replace container-name and storage-account-name with the values from step 3.
      # Replace 'rcl' permissions with 'rc' or 'rclw' as appropriate for the permissions you wish to use.
      # See https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/storage/container?view=azure-cli-latest#az-storage-container-generate-sas-optional-parameters
      # for a list of acceptable permissions.
      # The important arguments that trigger workload identity federation here are '--as-user' and '--auth-mode login'
      export sas=`az storage container generate-sas --name container-name --account-name storage-account-name --as-user --auth-mode login --https-only --permissions rclw --expiry $end -o tsv`
      # Now use the SAS token for asset caching; make sure to replace storage-account-name and container-name again:
      export X_VCPKG_ASSET_SOURCES=x-azurl,https://storage-account-name.blob.core.windows.net/container-name,$sas,readwrite
      # ... or for binary caching:
      vcpkg install --binarysource "clear;x-azblob,https://storage-account-name.blob.core.windows.net/container-name,$sas,readwrite"
```
::: zone-end

## Next steps

Here are other tasks to try next:

> * [Set up a local binary cache](binary-caching-local.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Set up a local binary cache](binary-caching-local.md)
* [See an end-to-end CI scenario using vcpkg in an Azure DevOps pipeline](../produce/test-registry-ports-ado.md)
```

Seems like a good place to link to this other how-to guide.
